hey guys my name is Sarah Dee shear as a
peachy if you're new around here this
video is all about guitar and buying
back my guitar equipment but I just
wanted to say at the beginning of this
video if you haven't checked out my
podcast yet the creative exchange please
do links are in the description below
this week we had Elle Mills and every
single week now I'm doing a new
docu-series is a six-episode docu-series
about like how to podcasts and the
behind-the-scenes of the whole podcast
thing so make sure to check that out
I've already posted the first episode
and this week's episode is the behind
the scenes of doing a podcast with the
Gary Vaynerchuk so stick around
let's hop into this video hello Internet
today is a very exciting day because I'm
buying back guitar gear I played
electric guitar part over 10 years music
was my life in high school and college I
played for a band and that's kind of how
I segwayed into video I love making
videos it's my job
YouTube is my job hashtag blast it's fun
but it all started with music I remember
one of the first videos that I did and I
had my aha moment of like oh yeah I
think I can make this my job is a quick
video recap of a trip to Greece
[Music]
and all it was was just via video with a
really cool song and me editing to music
so that's really how I got my start and
video was just my obsession with music
and cool music and putting images to
music I love music when I was in high
school I worked a lot whether it was
babysitting or refereeing basketball
games I got that money and I put it into
guitar gear I was obsessed
but the moment I wasn't as passionate
about guitar and music and I found video
I started selling off my gear and that's
truly how I funded video and my first
camera the Canon 70d was the first
camera that I first ever owned it was
mine sometimes I think about the guitar
gear that I owned and makes me sad that
I don't still have it so I'm putting my
foot down
like I'm an adult I have a job now I'm
in this mindset where everything I buy
has to go back to my job but gosh darn
it I'm gonna have a hobby I don't have
to be a rock star I can have guitar gear
just to have fun and play guitar so here
are some pictures of my old setup I had
all of the pedal boards all those amps I
had like five guitars at one point it
was a problem I only have one guitar
left I don't think I'm gonna buy a new
guitar well we'll see but I want some
puddles back I want a proper amp if
there's any gear heads out there you are
going to thoroughly enjoy this video and
if you don't care about guitar it'll
probably be fun to watch me you be all
giddy again about music I love it first
step is finding a guitar shop there's a
lot of cool guitar shops in New York
City so you know my first reaction isn't
Guitar Center cuz I understand that if I
want the good stuff it might not be at
Guitar Center but all the shops that I
looked at they're like very old vintage
amps starting at $3,000 and I I just I
don't want to do that right now so
there's actually a really cool guitar
Center in the middle of Midtown that has
some sick stuff like not normal guitar
centre stuff
this is almost the same exact brush that
I had I went through a lot of overdrive
littles my day so this is my first wife
the folds OCD I've been here for like an
hour
I fell in love with this Maureen and my
friend used to own a Morgan him
[Music]
to do it
this is escalating very quickly I might
be vehement paddles back to look how
tiny his paddleboard is compared to what
I used to have so cute super impressed
by this guy
so first of all what did you guys think
of that guitar Center is actually pretty
impressive right it was very tempting to
leave with a Gibson es-335 and I'm like
oh man
there's $3,000 I love hollow bodies and
semi hollow bodies but this guy some
organ AC 20 when I saw that I was like
what and I started playing it I was like
oh sounds so good I wanted a tiny pal
award but I got a lot of pills so we're
gonna see if this actually fits it's so
cute
think of building a pop where it is
there is a certain order to everything
typically you want your tuner first and
then overdrive or fuzz and you want your
delays and then you want the reverbs at
the very end the next step is the fuzz
pedal so this thing is so insane most
the time it sounds terrible and it goes
haywire so you really have to dial in
the sound but you have a fuzz pedal it
has to sound crazy this surprised me I
thought I was gonna have to order an
overdrive pedal online because I wanted
maybe an old tinny pedal but this
wampler Tumnus shuttle it sounded so
good and just the combination of this
strat in this ant I was like I need this
now so I have a special place in my
heart for this pub this is an even tide
time factor you could kill someone with
this it's like a brick hey John catch
this one is a pedal I have always wanted
and so the time is now I've never had a
reverb pedal that is this massive so the
moment of truth guys it's gonna fit
all right we're gonna we can make this
up it might just be off the edge just a
little bit there's time for the moment
of truth the board is done it's not
super pretty I will fix all of the
cables and make it all tidy and neat
once I know that it works this is
exciting it is time to turn on dynam and
see if everything works and rock the
house
[Music]
[Applause]
but hum is just crazy
[Music]
[Applause]
overdrive the
[Music]
[Applause]
so reverb panel makes your car sound
like it's in a big
[Music]
okay so I applied to the even time time
factor into a separate power so there
should be no buzz now tape echo I'll
just do one delay because you can do two
delays at one time I'm just cool
[Music]
goes for way too long
you
[Laughter]
[Music]
not Tumnus overdrive huddle smells so
good the last thing the tests out is the
fuzz factory pedal I'm scared of this
pedal because I can sound crazy so let's
see what we're doing here so that's an
example of what this pedal is okay I
found it
[Music]
that sounds inside but see that's the
reason it doesn't nothing sounds like
it's it's crazy that allows I played
directly straight from the amp that much
so just here's why it was very clean
[Applause]
[Music]
but you can get it dirty by basically
cranking up the volume and then turning
down the power levels so you can get
some actual crunch from the amp itself
without having to get it super super
loud because of tube amps you have to
crank it up super high the volume for it
to really break up so that's what a
power level knob comes strict in the am
you actually old dirt this sounds good
[Music]
[Applause]
well guys this was fun
I would probably play more for you but
most of this video was the journey
getting the stuff so maybe eventually
enough leave a comment down below if you
want to form a band with me maybe I
could just hop in as a guitar player use
my youtube channel for exposure any cool
people who need a hip and half and
guitar player hit me up cuz now I have
this tiny awesome hello bird in his hand
those has been so much fun for me
probably when I was playing my face was
like very focused just because I was
getting in my zone like I promise this
is the funnest thing ever I love it so
much - thank you for being a part of
this journey yeah let me know what you
think I just kind of ran a video but it
was so fun Maria so let me know if you
like this video hit that subscribe
button down below for new videos every
single week if you guys haven't checked
out my podcast yeah check it out new
podcasts every single Monday and this
week was Elle Mills oh my gosh go check
out the Elle Mills podcast description
below and be back this week for the how
to podcast series yes it is yeah but
until next time guys stay peachy okay
[Music]